So I've had a lot of requests for an update on this, so if you have not already heard, we are hearing that there is a bizarre glowing object that is baffling scientists, that is hurtling towards Earth as we speak. Now take a look at some of the headlines coming out with me. Comet 3i Atlas could be nuclear-powered, Harvard scientist says. I'm going to get you all the details on it. Nuclear-powered, very odd. Now listen, Harvard professor theorizes a nuclear-powered alien spacecraft the size of Manhattan is hurtling towards our solar system. They're saying it's moving at a speed of 130,000 miles an hour, and I'm going to share with you some of the things they're saying that are very odd about this that make it unlikely to be a comet or an asteroid. And like I said, a lot of people have been saying, Steve, can you give us details on this, because this is circulating around social media. They're saying that this is a wake-up call for humanity. Scientists want the 3i Atlas to be an alien spaceship. Here's why. This coming out today, August 25th, 2025. I'm going to share with you the details, and what do we know so far about 3i Atlas? And this is the scientist Avi Loeb, and I'm going to give you the latest information as to what we know. When they're saying this, we'll be entering our solar system. They're saying it's coming very close. The odds and the likelihood of some of the things that are unfolding, they're saying it is pretty incredible. And take a look, NASA giving some updates on this as well. Comet 3i Atlas, and they've got some images. They're saying it's an interstellar comet, but some are speculating that it could be something else. So I'm going to share with you the latest, and let me know your thoughts. Do you agree with this scientist? Is this something else? Maybe an alien spacecraft, or they're saying maybe it's some sort of craft that has been sent out by another life form, or there's something more to it than just a comet. If you agree with the scientist, put yes. If you think no, this is just some space material flying through space, and the odds of it coming around the route that it is, they're saying is like 1 in 20,000 or something. It's very peculiar. They're saying it's going to go by three planets in our solar system. It's going to come at a trajectory where they were not able to see it until just recently. They said around June or July. They're also saying that it will be complete opposite of the Sun, so Earth will have trouble observing it. And they're saying the way that it is coming in, it's the size of Manhattan. It's giving off its own source of light, and it doesn't have a tail like a comet. So we're going to get into all the but they're speculating there's a very slim chance the way that it's approaching, it is just of some sort of natural descent. Let me know your thoughts in the comments. Is there more to this? If so, put yes. If no, put no. I'm going to dive into the latest articles so that way you can see it for yourself. Now before we dive in, do me a quick favor. I'm seeing yeses pouring into the comments. People are saying it's a mothership. People are saying God is going to be coming back. Someone says repent. Jesus died for your sins. Let me know your thoughts. And while you're putting them in the comments, take a quick second, hit that thumbs up like button for me. Just helps spread this out further so more people can get the latest updated information to stay up to date on everything that's going on. It's totally free. Why not hit that subscribe button? And as always here on the channel, I cite all of the sources. So all the articles I'm going to be referencing, they're going to be hyper linked in the description. You can click it, go read it for yourself, see the dates, see the sources, see the latest updates. I try to hold myself to the highest level of accountability so that way you can see exactly what is coming out in the news as of the latest today, August 25th, 2025. And again, if you appreciate that, please take a second, hit that thumbs up like button. I want to make sure that you get the most accurate information as to what is going on. And I'm still seeing people coming out saying yes in the comments. There is something weird going on with this. Let's go ahead and take a look at it so that way you can go ahead and see it for yourself and make your own judgment call. So go ahead and take a look here. A bizarre glowing object is baffling scientists and it's hurtling towards Earth. Now this article says scientists have discovered that a mysterious object is hurtling through space from beyond the solar system. It is emitting its own light source and it's heading right for us in what is only the third example of its kind to be observed. An interstellar object was seen by astronomers last month heading for the center of our solar system. And again, they're gonna get into the odds of the likelihood of this happening. The officially unknown object has been dubbed 3i Atlas and caught the attention of astronomers including Harvard's Avi Loeb who has suggested that previous interstellar objects are relics from an extraterrestrial civilization. Now while there is a strong consensus among many other astronomers that 3i Atlas is a comet, Loeb has argued that it is not and pointed to evidence of a glow of light that is coming from this particular object. Now in a blog post, Loeb argued that observations from NASA's Hubble Space Telescope show a glow of light likely from a coma ahead of the motion of 3i Atlas towards the Sun. Within the context, a coma of a comet is a hazy cloud of gas and dust that surrounds a comet's nucleus. So here's a picture of it right here you can see this coming up from NASA it says. Now Loeb wrote, there is no evidence for a bright commentary tail in the opposite direction. This, some scientists have suggested, shows that dust was evaporating from the side of the object that is facing the Sun. However Loeb, after deliberation with Harvard colleagues, astrophysicist Eric Keto has put forward another theory that 3i Atlas itself is creating its own light. Now Loeb argued that the simplest interpretation of the object's steep brightness profile is that its own nucleus produced most of the light. He suggested that two different reasons why this could be possible. Now first, that the object is made up of rare fragment from the core of a nearby supernova that is rich in radioactive material and is emitting radiation, or that is actually a spacecraft powered by nuclear energy and that the dust emitted from its frontal surface might be from the dirt that accumulated on its surface during its interstellar travel. So he is outright coming out and saying that the way that this is moving he believes that it is an alien spacecraft. He did however say that the first explanation was highly unlikely and that the second would need stronger evidence to be viable and that first one he said is that it is, let's go ahead and go back to it so I don't mispronounce it, first that the object is made of a rare fragment from the core of a nearby supernova. He said that's unlikely and he said that they need evidence that this is potentially an alien spacecraft. His theory while out there would mean that 3i Atlas is smaller than originally thought and would bring it roughly in line with the size of the two previous interstellar objects that have been observed named Omo-Umo and 2i Borisov. Now later this year 3i Atlas will pass very close to Mars, an opportunity that Loeb suggests should be utilized to more closely examine it. So we're gonna be seeing this coming by here very soon they're saying and they want to take a look at it but they're saying the trajectory is it's gonna go by several planets but when it does it's gonna be on the opposite side of the Sun to Earth making it difficult for us to observe. Here's another one coming out a couple days ago. Comet 3i Atlas could be nuclear powered Harvard scientists says. The Harvard scientists raising concern about the incoming comet 3i Atlas namely that it could be some kind of alien probe sent to study our solar system is now saying the interstellar object may be nuclear powered. Avi Loeb said he bases his hypothesis on a July 21st image captured by the Hubble Space Telescope and shared by NASA. He said the images show a glow on the front end of 3i Atlas as if it is emitting light. Now 3i Atlas could be alien technology Avi Loeb says. For various reasons Loeb rules out the possibility that this glow is attributed to reflected sunlight or rare interstellar nuclear materials. Instead he is zeroing in on a previous suggestion that 3i Atlas may be alien technology. 3i Atlas could be a spacecraft powered by nuclear energy and the dust emitted from its frontal surface might be from dirt that accumulated on its surface during its interstellar travel. This cannot be ruled out but requires better evidence to be viable. The theoretical physicist said in a recent blog. Now appearing Wednesday on Elizabeth Vargas reports Loeb again noted the unusually precise trajectory of 3i Atlas which will get relatively close to Mars, Venus and Jupiter. 3i Atlas doesn't look like a random occurrence the scientist has said. The timing of its arrival is perfect for that with a likelihood of 1 in 20,000. We should observe it it doesn't look like it's a random occurrence. Now Loeb advocates directing NASA's June probe to intercept 3i Atlas for study. It's also not a bad idea he suggests for the international community to get on the same page ahead of time in case alien intelligence does come knocking. You never know what type of intent it has they said. Now NASA says 3i Atlas is a comet that does not pose a risk to Earth so NASA is saying this is a comet. It's name derived from the fact that it's the third known interstellar object from outside our solar system. It was discovered by the asteroid terrestrial impact last alert system so they're saying that this is the third interstellar object to enter into our solar system and it's gonna be on its way here in just a couple months. Here's another one coming out you can see Harvard professor theorizes a nuclear powered alien spacecraft the size of Manhattan is hurtling towards our solar system and let me know in the comments do you think that this is an alien craft if so put yes if no put no let me know your thoughts in the comments. Now in June scientists spotted an odd object hurtling towards our solar system so again this is just fairly recent just a couple months ago they were able to detect this. 3i Atlas is likely the size of Manhattan unlike previous interstellar comets it has no tail and now Harvard professor says its flight path is highly suspicious. Avi Loeb is the founding director of Harvard's black hole initiative, director of the Institute for theory and computation, the Harvard-Smithsonian Center of Astrophysics and head of the Galileo project searching for extraterrestrial technology all while also being a regular Harvard professor he theorizes the 3i Atlas may be the evidence of extraterrestrial technology that he's been searching for. Now the three strange things about 3i Atlas to know. Now first and foremost 3i Atlas is huge it's the largest interstellar object that we've observed passing through our solar system. Loeb calls it too large for an interstellar asteroid rock makes up asteroids not ice and Loeb argues there's probably isn't enough rock floating in interstellar space to form something like this so they're saying what makes it very odd is its size. Now secondly it has no tail most interstellar objects are particularly made of ice which is definition of a comet as they fly towards our Sun they melt a bit and they shed a tail of gas but not this object no spectral features of cometary gas are found in the spectroscope observations of the 3i Atlas the chances of something this large being 100% rock are slim to none so it is made of metal or another artificial material and finally third there's 3i Atlas bizarre flight path all of the planets in our solar system orbit on the same plane around the Sun some are further away some are closer but they are all moving in roughly the same direction comets all arrive always arrive from above or below that plane often passing through a massive outer solar system without ever approaching Earth but not 3i Atlas this object is in line with the orbit of our planets that will allow it to do a relatively close flyby of Jupiter Mars and Venus the retrograde orbital plane of 3i Atlas around the Sun lies in five degrees of that of Earth the likelihood of that coincidence out of all random orientations is 0.02% or excuse me 0.2% so they're saying that the the pathway that this is coming is odd the size of it coming is odd and the makeup of it with no tail meaning it's not made of ice they said is extremely odd now is 3i Atlas hiding from humans Loeb believes its flight path alone is reason to be suspicious it might have targeted the inner solar system as expected from alien technology and that's not all the flight path of 3i Atlas is suspiciously sneaky at its closest point to the Sun it will be hidden from Earth's view this could be intentional to avoid detailed observation from Earth-based telescopes now the latest picture of 3i Atlas taken by the Hubble telescope may explain how the object can set its own course it appears to show 3i Atlas glowing we do see fuzz some halo of scattered light around it one of Loeb's theories is that the object is glowing because it is nuclear-powered you can learn more about the theory in this video below this one coming out from News Nation now Richard Mosel is the head of the planetary defense at the European Space Agency he isn't losing any sleep over our latest extraterrestrial visitor there have been no signs pointing to non-natural origins of 3i Atlas in our available observations and of course 3i Atlas is on course to stay far away from Earth he said it's worth noting that this isn't the first time that Loeb has flagged an extraterrestrial visitor as potentially artificial he theorized that the objects astronomers named OMA which passed through our solar system back in 2017 could have been built by alien civilizations but none of the images captured offered definite proof and that particular comment is long gone now Loeb urges scientists and the world leaders to use all possible resources to study 3i Atlas the consequences should the hypothesis turn out to be correct could potentially be dire for humanity it will pass by Mars where NASA has telescopes in orbit which can snap much better photos in October so this is going to be coming through in October they are saying now Mosel doesn't necessarily disagree but he points out that the scientific community is not ignoring 3i Atlas by a long shot astronomers around the world they are collecting a as much data as possible on the orbit and physical properties of the object and how these change in the course of it passing through our solar system so there you have it you guys man some major concerns about this warnings coming out and take a look let's also take a look at why he is saying he actually does hope that this is in fact alien spacecraft he says this is a wake up call for humanity scientists wants 3i Atlas to be an alien spaceship here is why this coming out today August 25th now this article says Harvard scientists Aviv Loeb earnestly hopes that the interstellar alien object in the solar system turns out to be a spacecraft sent by extraterrestrial beings this comes after his very own assertion backed by evidence that it is not a natural space rock or comet he has said that almost everything about 3i Atlas points to it being an object designed by someone its trajectory the light it releases and the lack of a tail are signs that it is not a naturally occurring cosmic body meanwhile everyone else is refuting his claims saying it is impossible that 3i Atlas is an alien spacecraft but Loeb stands steadfast on his observations in fact he actually wishes that the interstellar object were an alien probe coming from Earth in a new blog post Loeb stated that the mothership will be a wake-up call for humanity for humans busy fighting for land and resources on Earth he has previously called for world leaders to join hands and work towards a common threat which is 3i Atlas then he's saying that this is what it could be so wow let me know your thoughts he is calling for world leaders to come together to stop war to bring peace because he's saying that right now we are facing an existential threat to our world and that is 3i Atlas alien technology on the way now here's the professor right here you can see him the individual from Harvard that is issuing out this warning to everybody letting us know that this is not your typical comet and you can see this actually coming out 12 hours ago today what do we know so far about 3i Atlas this is his actual blog post about a month from now the interstellar object 3i Atlas will be on the far side of the Sun making it unobservable from Earth on October 3rd 2025 it will pass within 29 million kilometers from Mars and the HI RISE camera on board the Mars reconnaissance orbiter it will be able to image it with a pixel resolution of 30 kilometers now the time is ripe to summarize what we know so far about 3i Atlas first 3i Atlas does not feature a distinct commentary tail based on the highest resolution image taken by the Hubble Space Telescope on July 21st of 2025 the image shows fuzzy glow of scattered sunlight that does not extend to the far tail side of the object away from the Sun any more than it extends on the side perpendicular to that direction in fact the only elongation of the glow is towards the Sun in the anti tail direction if the scattering of sunlight had been off of dust particles then these particles would have been pushed by solar radiation pressure from the Sun facing direction to the opposite side and would have displayed a generic commentary tail stretched over a few arc seconds behind the object easily detectable by the Hubble Space Telescope the fact that this tail is not observed suggests that the 3i Atlas does not shed much dust particles with the size comparable to the wavelength of sunlight of order of 0.5 micrometers the spectrum of 3i Atlas shows substantial reddening in the absence of sub micrometer dust the reddening must originate from the solid surface of 3i Atlas this is not unexpected since similar reddening is observed from the surface of Cupid belt objects like Arrokoth which are similarly exposed to interstellar comic rays to produce this reddening without shedding sub micron dust particles most of the sunlight reflects from 3i Atlas must originate at its surface it then follows that the brightness of 3i Atlas implies a surface diameter of 20 kilometers for an albedo of 5% that characterizes Cooper belts objects so there you have it you guys now these getting into some pretty intense details if you want to read this for yourself you can go ahead and check it out I'm gonna have this linked in the description but he's getting some pretty scientific stuff here I am NOT 100% on this I'm not a scientist if you want to read it though go ahead but he is saying a couple of things that we covered that are just basics for you the three things that he said were strange about it was first and foremost it's huge the size of it is the size of Manhattan he said it's very unlikely that something like this is just made of rock he said there's no tail to it that it's not made of ice it's a hundred percent rock this is very odd and he also said the path of it is going right into our solar system's orbit aligning with the planets the chances of this are incredibly slim and as it passes it will also pass by in a location that is on the opposite side of the Sun from the earth so we will not be able to observe it from Earth as well which he said is very suspicious now let's go ahead and take a look here at what NASA has released it has some images of the comet NASA Webb Space Telescope observes interstellar comet and it says NASA's James Webb Space Telescope has observed the interstellar comet 3i Atlas as of August 6th with its near-infrared spectrograph instrument the research team has been analyzing insights from web data and a pre-print is available online Webb is one of NASA's space telescopes observing this comet together providing more information about its size physical properties and chemical makeup for example NASA's Hubble Space Telescope and the recently launched sphere X mission have also observed the comet now while the comet poses no threat to Earth so just to clarify they're saying this is not Earth bound NASA's space telescopes help support the agency's ongoing mission to find to track and to better understand the solar system object as this they're saying is going to be entering into our solar system very soon here in October of 2025 so again let me know your thoughts do you agree with the professor is there something very odd about this if so put yes if no put no let me know your thoughts but I know a lot of people were asking me about this wanted to get an update what is going on with a 3i Atlas so I wanted to share with you guys the latest now if any more comes out if there's any updated photos if we get any new information I'll be sure to share it here on the channel but that is the latest we're hearing that this is coming through this scientist is very concerned about it and let me know your thoughts in the comments I'm seeing some people put in yes they think that this is very odd now like I said all these articles are going to be linked in the description below so you can check them out for yourself if you appreciate that hit that like button I see we got about 2,200 people with me live and also if this is your first time here and you want to stay up to date on everything hit that subscribe button and also we've been seeing a lot going on with earthquakes and with conflict around the world I'm gonna keep you up to date on all of it as it unfolds so you know exactly what is going on but that is the latest with 3i Atlas the scientists warning of this fast-moving object the size of Manhattan heading towards our solar system and they're saying it is very odd we will see I will keep you up to date here on the channel but that is the latest you guys thank you so much for joining me and I'll catch you in the next one take care God bless this is Steve